Allow all terraform provider authentication methods via environment variables (oauth2, access token, application key/secret) (#327)
scraly/pulumi-ovh: docs/installation-configuration.md

To provision resources with the Pulumi OVH provider, you need to have OVH credentials.
Your OVH credentials are never sent to pulumi.com. Pulumi uses the OVH API and the credentials in your environment to authenticate requests from your computer to OVH.

> The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used. Requests to OVHcloud APIs require a set of secrets keys and the definition of the API end point. See [First Steps with the API](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/customer/first-steps-with-ovh-api/) (or the French version, [Premiers pas avec les API OVHcloud](https://docs.ovh.com/fr/api/api-premiers-pas/)) for a detailed explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used. Requests to OVHcloud APIs require a set of secrets keys and the definition of the API endpoint. See [First Steps with the API](https://docs.ovh.com/gb/en/customer/first-steps-with-ovh-api/) (or the French version, [Premiers pas avec les API OVHcloud](https://docs.ovh.com/fr/api/api-premiers-pas/)) for a detailed explanation.
```

Author: fixed 😃

Three forms of authentication are supported by the provider:

* OAuth2, using scoped service accounts, and compatible with OVHcloud IAM

> * Short-lived access token received from [OVH API](https://support.us.ovhcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/19901571606547-Using-Service-Accounts-to-Connect-to-OVHcloud-APIs) (for example with aid of Hashicorp Vault OAuth2 secret engine configured to work with OVH auth api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Short-lived access token received from [OVH API](https://support.us.ovhcloud.com/hc/en-us/articles/19901571606547-Using-Service-Accounts-to-Connect-to-OVHcloud-APIs) (for example with the help of Hashicorp Vault OAuth2 secret engine configured to work with OVH auth API).
```

Author: fixed 😃
